My daughter is the childhood sweetheart of the richest man in the world
And that's a good thing?
Hurry up and call the general back
Aren't we related to Mr. Shen?
Don't forget.
How did you two approach education before?
If Mr. Shen found out
We all have to die
Coco, I'm his mother
That's too much.
It should be fine.
What to do then?
Jiang Li is an idiot
I remember so much detail in the diary
I really have to thank him
Then there is only one way
Just from now on
I'm being reasonable.
Only I took his place
Our family
To usher in the wealth of the sky
Hahaha, my daughter is still smart.
Dad listens to you
Hahaha dad
Remember to treasure the export
put your heart
Wrapped on the mountain
President of Shen Group
Give tens of millions of gifts to Haicheng writers
Master Zheng, let me pick you up
Brother, I knew you would come back for me
Who are you?
Jiang Lina
Don't you recognize me?
I thought...
You will always remember me
How come?
This Woman
How can there be pictures of Ali and I when we were children?
It seems that you really don't remember me
count
Just pretend it's me
You are really Ali, right?
Then do you remember
Did we make a pact at the orphanage when we were kids?